fix missing highlighter on OCR recognition results (#19168)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

* Battery time announcements now skip redundant "0 hours" and "0 minutes" and use proper singular/plural forms. (#9003, @hdzrvcc0X74)
* Certain settings will no-longer erroneously be saved to disk when running NVDA from the launcher. (#18171)
* Incorrect information is no longer displayed in braille when navigating the list of messages in Outlook Classic. (#18993, @nvdaes)

> * The browse mode cursor highlighters now appears on recognition results. (@hwf1324)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The browse mode cursor highlighter now appears on content recognition results, such as when using Windows OCR. (@hwf1324)
```

> * Fixed an error where highlighters were not appearing on recognition results. (@hwf1324)

Reviewer 2: The way you wrote it gives the impression that highlighter did not appear on recognition results from time to time.

What about the following instead?
```suggestion
* The browse mode cursor highlighters now appears on recognition results. (@hwf1324)
```

This makes the item more positive.

And rather than a bugfix, I'd rather add this item as a new feature, as to me, this is a new capability.

Author: I agree.

For me, all English expressions are achieved through translation, so achieving accurate expression is quite difficult.
